                                       STATEMENT OF WORK
                                        THERMAL IMAGER
                                            4 June 2026


I. Background:
AFIT's Center for Technical Intelligence and Research (CTISR) requires a high-speed, high dynamic
range, thermal imaging system that operates in the medium-wavelength infrared (MWIR) band. This
capability, and its associated software, would be a signiﬁcant advancement in technology level compared
to AFIT's current thermal imaging capabilities. This new capability would be advanced enough to
enable new research but would also be available to use in AFIT's graduate optical engineering labs and
student thesis research. This combination of dynamic range, along with extremely high speeds,
represents a new capability that will immediately enable new defense-centered research and improve the
results of on-going projects.

II. Minimum Technical Requirements:
The following speciﬁcation lists the minimum (threshold) requirements for the HDR M700 (or similar):
1. 25 mm, 50 mm, and 200 mm focal length options
2. Dynamic range greater than 800 degrees C at recorded live (AFITS’s interpretation is the ability to
capture an image in the temperature range from 20 degrees Celsius to 820 degrees Celsius in a single
exposure without saturating the camera.)

3. Spectral range 3-5 microns

4. Threaded lens mount

5. Calibration of lens camera combination

6. Delivery of all calibration data to include camera/lens spectral response curves in csv format

7. Frame rate greater than 550 Hz full frame

8. Protective case for lens', instrument, and computers

9. Maximum frame rate greater than 32 kHz

10.   Minimum focal length of less than 6 meters for all optics

11.   Real time temperature calibration

12.   Aperture size F/4

13.   Minimum exposure time 3.6 microsecond or less for full frame rate
14. Operating temperature -10 C to 45 C

15. FPA size at least 640x512

16. Computer controller included

III. Qualifying Country Products:
All products delivered to satisfy this requirement shall be manufactured in a qualifying country source
in accordance with Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) 225.872. Products
from other than qualifying countries will not be accepted, and any costs associated with products from
other than qualifying countries, including shipping, etc., shall be at the contractor’s expense.
IV. Delivery and Training:

1. Delivery is required by the earliest possible delivery date, not to exceed 8 months after receipt of
  Award.

2. The contractor shall be responsible for all transportation, freight, shipping, handling, insurance, customs
  clearance, brokerage, tariffs, duties, taxes, and any other charges associated with delivery of the supplies
  to the final destination, including for items shipped from outside the United States.

3. All shipping costs to include insurance will be included in contractor’s proposal. Great care using
  standard, approved packaging methods shall be taken.

4. Delivery Address F.O.B. Destination:
  POC: Dr. Michael Dexter
  Air Force Institute of Technology/ENP
  2950 Hobson Way
  WPAFB, OH 45433

V. Training:

Training is not required for this requirement. Installation is not required for this requirement.

VI. Warranty:

All parts must be free from defects in material and workmanship, under normal and proper use
in accordance with the user manual, for the period of one calendar year after receipt of delivery.

VII. Invoice and Payment:

The contractor shall be paid upon submission of a properly prepared invoice and after ﬁnal inspection
and acceptance by the government. The invoice shall be submitted in Wide Area WorkFlow
