                                                                                                         1. REQUISITION NUMBER                                      PAGE     OF
                SOLICITATION/CONTRACT/ORDER FOR COMMERCIAL ITEMS
                          OFFEROR TO COMPLETE BLOCKS 12, 17, 23, 24, & 30                                                                                               1          14
2. CONTRACT NO.                                             3. AWARD/          4. ORDER NUMBER                                         5. SOLICITATION NUMBER                           6. SOLICITATION
                                                            EFFECTIVE DATE                                                             1240LP26Q0067                                    ISSUE DATE
                                                                                                                                       0001                                             06/03/2026
7.           FOR SOLICITATION              a. NAME                                                           b. TELEPHONE NUMBER             (No collect calls)     8. OFFER DUE DATE/LOCAL TIME
           INFORMATION CALL:               STEPHEN HOLLY                                                     605-517-1170                                           06/12/2026 1000 MT

9. ISSUED BY                                                       CODE      40LP                10. THIS ACQUISITION IS           UNRESTRICTED OR                X SET ASIDE:      100.00    % FOR:

                                                                                                                                WOMEN-OWNED SMALL                           NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRY
USDA-FS CSA INTERMOUNTAIN 4                                                                       X SMALL BUSINESS
                                                                                                                                BUSINESS (WOSB)                             CLASSIFICATION STANDARD
324 25TH ST                                                                                          HUBZONE SMALL
                                                                                                                                ECONOMICALLY DISADVANTAGED
                                                                                                                                                                                     (NAICS):
                                                                                                     BUSINESS
OGDEN UT 84401-2310                                                                                                             WOMEN-OWNED SMALL
                                                                                                     SERVICE-DISABLED           BUSINESS (EDWOSB)                                    333120
                                                                                                     VETERAN-OWNED
                                                                                                     SMALL BUSINESS             8(A)                                     SIZE STANDARD:      1,250
                                                                                                     (SDVOSB)

11. DELIVERY FOR FREE ON BOARD                                                                                                           13b. RATING
                                       12. DISCOUNT TERMS                                        13a. THIS CONTRACT IS A RATED
    (FOB) DESTINATION UNLESS                                                                                                              14. METHOD OF SOLICITATION
                                                                                                      ORDER UNDER THE DEFENSE                                                               REQUEST FOR
    BLOCK IS MARKED                                                                                                                         REQUEST FOR         INVITATION
                                                                                                      PRIORITIES AND ALLOCATIONS                                                            PROPOSAL
         SEE SCHEDULE                                                                                                                    X QUOTE (RFQ)          FOR BID (IFB)
                                                                                                      SYSTEM - DPAS (15 CFR 700)                                                            (RFP)
15. DELIVER TO                                       CODE
                                                            8538                                 16. ADMINISTERED BY                                                 CODE    40LP
BIGHORN NATIONAL FOREST                                                                          USDA-FS CSA INTERMOUNTAIN 4
 TONGUE RANGER DISTRICT                                                                          324 25TH ST
2013 EASTSIDE 2ND ST                                                                             OGDEN UT 84401-2310
SHERIDAN WY 82801-9638
17a. CONTRACTOR/        CODE                                      FACILITY                       18a. PAYMENT WILL BE MADE BY                                        CODE
      OFFEROR                                                       CODE




TELEPHONE NO.

     17b. CHECK IF REMITTANCE IS DIFFERENT AND PUT SUCH ADDRESS IN OFFER                         18b. SUBMIT INVOICES TO ADDRESS SHOWN IN BLOCK 18a UNLESS BLOCK BELOW
                                                                                                       IS CHECKED         SEE ADDENDUM

        19.                                                 20.                                                   21.       22.               23.                                    24.
     ITEM NO.                                  SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES                                    QUANTITY   UNIT           UNIT PRICE                               AMOUNT

                 BGNF Mini-Excavator




                          (Use Reverse and/or Attach Additional Sheets as Necessary)
25. ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA                                                                                               26. TOTAL AWARD AMOUNT (For Government Use Only)



X 27a. SOLICITATION INCORPORATES BY REFERENCE (FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION) FAR 52.212-1, 52.212-4. FAR 52.212-3                                                 X ARE           ARE NOT ATTACHED.
  AND 52.212-5 ARE ATTACHED. ADDENDA

     27b. CONTRACT/PURCHASE ORDER INCORPORATES BY REFERENCE FAR 52.212-4. FAR 52.212-5 IS ATTACHED.                        ADDENDA                                     ARE          ARE NOT ATTACHED.

     28. CONTRACTOR IS REQUIRED TO SIGN THIS DOCUMENT AND RETURN                                              29. AWARD OF CONTRACT: REFERENCE                                                    OFFER
     COPIES TO ISSUING OFFICE. CONTRACTOR AGREES TO FURNISH AND DELIVER                                       DATED                     . YOUR OFFER ON SOLICITATION (BLOCK 5),
     ALL ITEMS SET FORTH OR OTHERWISE IDENTIFIED ABOVE AND ON ANY ADDITIONAL                                  INCLUDING ANY ADDITIONS OR CHANGES WHICH ARE SET FORTH
     SHEETS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SPECIFIED.                                                    HEREIN, IS ACCEPTED AS TO ITEMS:

30a. SIGNATURE OF OFFEROR/CONTRACTOR                                                               31a. UNITED STATES OF AMERICA (SIGNATURE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER)




30b. NAME AND TITLE OF SIGNER (Type or print)                             30c. DATE SIGNED        31b. NAME OF CONTRACTING OFFICER (Type or print)                                31c. DATE SIGNED
                                                                                                  STEPHEN D. HOLLY
AUTHORIZED FOR LOCAL REPRODUCTION                                                                                                                   STANDARD FORM 1449 (REV. 11/2021)
PREVIOUS EDITION IS NOT USABLE                                                                                                                      Prescribed by GSA - FAR (48 CFR) 53.212
                                                                                                                                            2 of        14
     19.                                              20.                                         21.       22.             23.                         24.
  ITEM NO.                               SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES                          QUANTITY   UNIT         UNIT PRICE                    AMOUNT




32a. QUANTITY IN COLUMN 21 HAS BEEN

     RECEIVED                INSPECTED             ACCEPTED, AND CONFORMS TO THE CONTRACT, EXCEPT AS NOTED:

32b. SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED GOVERNMENT REPRESENTATIVE                     32c. DATE   32d. PRINTED NAME AND TITLE OF AUTHORIZED GOVERNMENT REPRESENTATIVE



32e. MAILING ADDRESS OF AUTHORIZED GOVERNMENT REPRESENTATIVE                           32f. TELEPHONE NUMBER OF AUTHORIZED GOVERNMENT REPRESENTATIVE



                                                                                       32g. E-MAIL OF AUTHORIZED GOVERNMENT REPRESENTATIVE



33. SHIP NUMBER                 34. VOUCHER NUMBER           35. AMOUNT VERIFIED       36. PAYMENT                                        37. CHECK NUMBER
                                                             CORRECT FOR

                                                                                           COMPLETE               PARTIAL        FINAL
    PARTIAL          FINAL

38. S/R ACCOUNT NUMBER          39. S/R VOUCHER NUMBER       40. PAID BY



41a. I CERTIFY THIS ACCOUNT IS CORRECT AND PROPER FOR PAYMENT                            42a. RECEIVED BY (Print)
41b. SIGNATURE AND TITLE OF CERTIFYING OFFICER                      41c. DATE
                                                                                         42b. RECEIVED AT (Location)


                                                                                        42c. DATE REC'D (YY/MM/DD)             42d. TOTAL CONTAINERS


                                                                                                                                         STANDARD FORM 1449 (REV. 11/2021) BACK
                                       BGNF Mini-Excavator
                                         1240LP26Q0067

Statement of Requirement
BGNF Mini-Excavator See Attachment 1 - Specs_Mini-Excavator for a complete list of
requirements and specifications. Provide product brochure of EXACT Mini-Excavator machine
quoted.

Schedule of Items

                                                 Estimated    Unit of Unit
   CLIN                Description                Quantity            Cost                Total
                                                               Issue
    0001 MINI-EXCAVAT0R                              1          EA
                                                              TOTAL

 EA - EACH - Delivery must be included in quoted price.


All items must have clear traceability to the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM). Traceability
means a clear, complete, documented, and auditable paper trail which traces each step from an OEM
or distributor to its current location.

The contractor shall furnish a Certificate of Conformance (COC) in accordance with Federal
Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clause 52.246-15. COC must be submitted in the format specified in
the clause. Quoters must be able to provide necessary certification including traceability to the
manufacturer, manufacturer's COC, and its own certificate of conformance. Prospective vendors
who are not the OEM or an authorized distributor must provide traceability for the quoteed product
back to the manufacturer or authorized distributor.


Technical Data –
Solicitation Attachments-
The following documents are included as attachments to this solicitation and can be accessed via the
“Attachments/Links” section of the posting.
            • Attachment 1 - Specs_Mini-Excavator



Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and United States Department of Agriculture
Acquisition Regulation (AGAR) Clauses and Provisions
The clauses and provisions contained herein are applicable to any order awarded as a result of this
solicitation. The terms and conditions set forth herein supersede all other terms and conditions.
Acceptance of the order in accordance with (IAW) FAR 12.201-1(b)(2) constitutes acceptance of all
terms and conditions contained herein.

As part of the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO), system updates may lag policy updates. The
System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations
based on provisions that are not included in this solicitation. Contracting officers will rely on
representations from quotes based on provisions in the solicitation. Entities are not required to, nor
are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM.



                                             Page 1 of 12
                                         BGNF Mini-Excavator
                                           1240LP26Q0067


52.252-2        Clauses Incorporated by Reference                                            Feb 1998
This solicitation incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if
they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text
available. Also the full text of the clause may be accessed electronically at Internet address
https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52

52.212-4        Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2025)
52.203-17       Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023)
52.203-19       Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements
                (Jan 2017)
52.222-50       Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2025)
52.226-8        Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (May 2024)
52.232-39       Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations (Jun 2013)
52.232-40       Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023)
52.233-3        Protest After Award (Sep 2025)
52.233-4        Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Sep 2025)
52.240-91       Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (Nov 2025)
52.244-6        Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2025)

The following clauses are applicable if checked:

☒ 52.204-13 System for Award Management—Maintenance (Nov 2025)
☒ 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Sep 2025)
☒ 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Aside (Nov 2025)
☒ 52.222-3 Convict Labor (June 2003)
☒ 52.222-19 Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Nov 2025)
☒ 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services (Nov 2025)
☒ 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies (Nov 2025)
☒ 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer— System for Award Management (Oct 2018)


Other Applicable Clauses

52.247-34       F.O.B. Destination (Jan 1991)

AGAR Clauses
452.203-71      Anti-Discrimination and Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Compliance (May
2026)
(a) By entering into this contract, the contractor certifies that:
    (1) It is compliant with all applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws and the Equal Protection
        principles of the U.S. Constitution, and it will remain compliant for the duration of the
        contract.



                                               Page 2 of 12
                                        BGNF Mini-Excavator
                                          1240LP26Q0067

   (2) Neither it nor any subcontractor or teaming partner operates or funds any program, policy, or
       initiative that promotes DEI in a manner that violates any applicable Federal anti-
       discrimination laws, including but not limited to Title VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of
       1964, or the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution, and the contractor and any
       subcontractor or teaming partner will not do so for the duration of the contract.
(b) If the contractor participates in, facilitates, or funds programs that implicate Title VI of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964 or Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, as amended, including but not
limited to grants to or for schools, colleges, universities, 4-H programs, non-governmental
organization (NGO) programs, sports programs, and education-related grants to prisons or other
detention facilities, the contractor certifies that it will remain compliant with those laws, including
the requirements set forth in Executive Order 14168, Defending Women from Gender Ideology
Extremism and Restoring Biological Truth to the Federal Government, and Executive Order 14173,
Ending Illegal Discrimination and Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity.
(c) The contractor affirms that the above requirements are conditions of payment that go to the
essence of the contract and are therefore material terms of the contract. Payments under the contract
are predicated on compliance with the above requirements, and therefore the contractor is not
eligible for funding under the contract or to retain any funding under the contract absent compliance
with the above requirements.
(d) This certification reflects a change in the Government’s position regarding the materiality of the
foregoing requirements and therefore any prior payment of similar claims does not reflect the
materiality of the foregoing requirements to this contract.
(e) Submission of a knowing false statement relating to contractor’s compliance with the above
requirements and/or eligibility for the contract may subject the contractor to liability under the False
Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. § 3729, and/or criminal liability, including under 18 U.S.C. §§ 287 and 1001.
(f) The contractor must include the provisions of this clause in all subcontract solicitations.
(g) Failure on the part of the contractor or its subcontractors to comply with the terms of this clause
may be grounds for the Contracting Officer to terminate this contract for default.
(End of Clause)
AGAR 452.203-72 Unenforceable Supplier Terms (MAY 2026)
(a) Definitions.
Supplier terms mean provisions customarily drafted by vendors of supplies or services and intended
to create a binding legal obligation on the end user. The term applies:
   1. Regardless of the format or style of the document. For example, supplier terms may appear
      in standard terms of sale or lease, Terms of Service (TOS), End User License Agreement
      (EULA), or another similar legal instrument or agreement, and may be presented as part of a
      proposal or quotation responding to a solicitation for a contract or order or otherwise become
      effective after the contract date.




                                              Page 3 of 12
                                        BGNF Mini-Excavator
                                          1240LP26Q0067

   2. Regardless of the media or delivery mechanism used. For example, supplier terms may be
      presented as one or more paper documents or may appear on a computer or other electronic
      device screen during a purchase, software installation, other product delivery, registration for
      a service, or another transaction.
(b) Applicability. When any supply or service acquired under this contract is subject to supplier
terms, the supplier terms are deemed part of the contract only to the extent they are consistent with
this clause. Supplier terms that conflict with any part of this clause, the contract, or Federal law are
void and will not be considered incorporated into a contract, even if they are physically present in a
contract documentation or systems. In the event of any inconsistency between supplier terms and
this contract, this clause and the terms of the Government contract must govern and supersede any
supplier terms in all cases.
(c) Authorization Required. Notwithstanding any other provision, no supplier terms must be binding
on the Government unless the term is expressly authorized on the USDA Supplier Terms
Authorization Form signed by the Contracting Officer, and the completed Authorization Form has
been incorporated into the contract.
(d) Unenforceable Terms. Any supplier terms that impose obligations or restrictions inconsistent
with applicable Federal law are unenforceable against the Government and deemed stricken from the
agreement. This includes, but is not limited to, any clause that:
   (1) Requires the Government to pay future fees, penalties, interest, legal costs, early‑termination
       fees, cancellation fees, minimum purchase commitments, true‑up payments, seat‑count
       minimums, usage minimums, continued‑use charges, or any other financial obligation not
       expressly authorized by the contract.
   (2) Requires the Government to indemnify the contractor or any other entity.
   (3) Restricts the Government’s ability to obtain similar supplies or services from another source.
   (4) Imposes any penalty, financial or otherwise, based on the Government’s decision not to
       exercise an option.
   (5) Subjects the United States Government to the laws of any U.S. state, territory, district,
       municipality, or foreign nation, except where Federal law expressly permits such application.
   (6) Requires dispute resolution in a forum or venue other than one prescribed by applicable
       Federal law.
   (7) Establishes a period of limitations for bringing an action that differs from that provided by
       applicable Federal law.
   (8) Grants the contractor rights to use, mine, access, aggregate, analyze, or otherwise exploit
       Government data, usage data, or metadata.
   (9) Deems the Government to have accepted initial or revised terms based on silence, continued
       performance, or failure to object.




                                              Page 4 of 12
                                       BGNF Mini-Excavator
                                         1240LP26Q0067

   (10) Grants the supplier the right to audit Government facilities, systems, records, or use of the
        product or service, except as expressly authorized by the contract and applicable Federal
        law.
   (11) Requires the Government to accept supplier security requirements, network access
        requirements, monitoring, penetration testing, or other technical or security measures.
   (12) Permits the supplier to suspend, degrade, or terminate access to products or services based
        on alleged non‑payment, alleged breach, automated security triggers.
   (13) Limits the Government’s right to use, install, access, test, evaluate, or transfer the licensed
        product or service in any manner consistent with the contract and Federal law.
   (14) Requires the Government to store, process, maintain, or transmit data in a particular
        geographic location, or permits the supplier to transfer Government data outside the United
        States, except as expressly authorized by applicable Federal law.
   (15) Authorizes the supplier to use the Government’s name, seal, trademark, logo, or any
        reference to the Government as an end user or customer for marketing, publicity,
        promotional activities, press releases, or similar purposes.
   (16) Incorporates by reference, or requires the Government to accept, terms or conditions
        imposed by any third party, subcontractor, or upstream service provider, unless such terms
        are expressly incorporated into the contract by bilateral modification.
   (17) Limits, conditions, or negates the contractor’s performance obligations, service levels, or
        remedies through a supplier‑provided service level agreement (SLA).
   (18) Uses Government data, usage data, metadata, prompts, content, or interactions to train,
        fine‑tune, improve, or derive any artificial intelligence, machine learning, or automated
        decision‑making model.
   (19) Subjects the Government to automated decision‑making, automated risk scoring, automated
        content moderation, or any algorithmic process that may affect access, performance, or
        rights under the contract.
   (20) Utilizes artificial intelligence or algorithmic tools that produce decisions, recommendations,
        or outputs affecting contract performance without providing transparency, explainability,
        auditability, and bias‑mitigation consistent with applicable Federal law and policy.
   (21) Profiles, tracks, or analyzes Government user behavior, preferences, communications, or
        interactions for personalization, marketing, or algorithmic optimization purposes.
(e) Non-binding Actions. Neither the Government nor any Government authorized end user is
deemed to have consented to any term, condition, or clause by virtue of its inclusion in the supplier
agreement or through the use of clickwrap, browsewrap, “I agree” mechanisms, or similar means.
Execution of such mechanisms does not bind the Government or its authorized end users to any
unenforceable terms.




                                             Page 5 of 12
                                       BGNF Mini-Excavator
                                         1240LP26Q0067

(f) End user. The supplier agreement must bind the ordering activity as the end user to the extent it
does not conflict with the terms of this clause, but it must not bind or impose personal liability on
any Government employee or any person acting on behalf of the Government in their personal
capacity.
(g) Law and disputes. The supplier agreement is governed by Federal law.
(h) Statutory exception. This clause does not apply to indemnification or any other payment by the
Government that is expressly authorized by statute and specifically authorized under applicable
agency regulations and procedures.
(i) Continued performance. The supplier or licensor must not unilaterally revoke, terminate, or
suspend any rights granted to the Government except as allowed by the contract. If the supplier or
licensor believes the ordering activity to be in breach of the supplier agreement, it must pursue its
rights under the Contract Disputes Act or other applicable Federal statute while proceeding
diligently with performance, pending final resolution of any dispute in accordance with the Disputes
Clause at FAR 52.212‑4(d) or FAR 52.233‑1, as applicable.
(j) Arbitration. Binding arbitration must not be used unless specifically authorized by agency
guidance.
(k) Equitable or injunctive relief. Equitable or injunctive relief, including the award of attorney fees,
costs, or interest, may be awarded against the United States Government only when explicitly
provided by statute (e.g., the Prompt Payment Act or the Equal Access to Justice Act).
(l) Revisions to supplier agreements. Any revisions to the supplier agreement must be incorporated
into the contract using a bilateral modification. Unilateral revisions are not binding on the
Government.
(m) No automatic renewals. If any license or service tied to periodic payment is provided under the
supplier agreement (e.g., annual software maintenance or annual lease term), such license or service
must not renew automatically upon expiration of its current term without prior express written
consent from an authorized Government representative.
(n) Indemnification. Any clause of the supplier agreement requiring the supplier or licensor to
defend or indemnify the end user is amended to provide that the U.S. Department of Justice has the
sole right to represent the United States in any such action, in accordance with 28 U.S.C. 516.
(o) Taxes or surcharges. Any taxes or surcharges which the supplier or licensor seeks to pass along
to the Government as end user will be governed by the terms of the associated Government contract
or order and must be submitted to the Contracting Officer for a determination of applicability prior
to invoicing unless specifically agreed otherwise.
(p) Non‑assignment. The supplier agreement may not be assigned, nor may any rights or obligations
thereunder be delegated, without the Government’s prior approval, except as expressly permitted by
FAR 52.212-4(b) or FAR 52.232-23, as applicable.
(q) Confidential information. If the supplier agreement includes a confidentiality clause, such clause
is amended to state that neither the agreement nor the contract price list, as applicable, must be
deemed “confidential information.” Issues regarding release of “unit pricing” will be resolved



                                              Page 6 of 12
                                        BGNF Mini-Excavator
                                          1240LP26Q0067

consistent with the Freedom of Information Act. Notwithstanding anything in the supplier
agreement to the contrary, the Government may retain any confidential information as required by
law, regulation, or its internal document retention procedures for legal, regulatory, or compliance
purposes; provided, however, that all such retained confidential information will continue to be
subject to the confidentiality obligations of the supplier agreement.
(r) Conflict with Federal law. If any other language, provision, or clause of the supplier agreement
conflicts or is inconsistent with Federal law or the terms and conditions of this contract, such
language, provisions, or clauses will be considered null and void and will not be binding on the
United States Government.
(End of Clause)
452.204–70 Modification for Contract Closeout (Apr 2026)
(a) If unliquidated funds in the amount of $1000 or less remain on the contract, the Contracting
Officer (Contracting Officer) may issue a unilateral modification for deobligation. The contractor
will receive a copy of the modification but is not required to provide a signature. The Contracting
Officer will immediately proceed with contract closeout upon completion of the period of
performance, receipt and acceptance of supplies or services, and final payment.

(b) For commercial contracts not exceeding the simplified acquisition procedure threshold under
FAR 12.001(c), if more than $1,000 in unliquidated funds remain at closeout, the Contracting
Officer will issue a bilateral deobligation modification. Only the modification requires the
contractor’s signature, though a Release of Claims may be requested. If the required documents are
not returned within 60 days, the Contracting Officer will issue a unilateral modification and proceed
with closeout once performance is complete, acceptance is confirmed, and final payment is made.

(c) For all other non-commercial or non–cost‑reimbursement contracts, if more than $1,000 in
unliquidated funds remain at closeout, the Contracting Officer will issue a bilateral deobligation
modification and a Release of Claims, both requiring contractor signature. If these documents are
not returned within 120 days, the Contracting Officer will issue a unilateral modification u and
proceed with closeout upon completion of performance, acceptance, and final payment.
(End of Clause)


Solicitation Information

Award Type

It is anticipated that a firm fixed type contract will be awarded as a result of this
synopsis/solicitation.

The Government intends to make one award from this solicitation. Therefore, to be considered
responsive, contractors must submit pricing for all items.

Evaluation and Basis for Award




                                              Page 7 of 12
                                        BGNF Mini-Excavator
                                          1240LP26Q0067

The provision at FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services
is not applicable to this solicitation. In lieu of this provision, quotes will be evaluated in accordance
with FAR 12.203 based on the criteria listed below. Award will be made to the quoter representing
the best value to the Government.

Technical Approach:
The technical approach will evaluate the ability of the quoter to provide a sound and compliant
approach that meets all requirements and shows a thorough understanding of them. It is the
contractor's responsibility to ensure their quotation clearly demonstrates their capability to meet
these requirements. All quoters must provide the following minimum information and
documentation with their quotations to be considered responsive and have their quotes evaluated:

   •   Brochure or product literature for the exact machine quoted.
   •   Buy American or COTS compliance, if applicable.
   •   Warranty and delivery requirements.


Price:
The quoter shall provide pricing as requested in the Schedule of Items on page 2 of this Request for
Quote. Failure to propose pricing for all individual line items may result in a quotation being
excluded from further consideration. The quotation will be evaluated in accordance with FAR
12.204, to determine if it is fair and reasonable.

Past Performance:
The Government may utilize any references provided by the Contractor, along with information
available from past contracts/orders with the USDA and any information found using sources such
as Federal Government sources or the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System
(CPARS) to determine if the Contractor has acceptable or neutral Past Performance. Past
Performance will be evaluated using the following rating system:

   •   Acceptable: The contractor shows a demonstrated ability to meet contract requirements in
       prior or current contracts, including quality of work, timeliness, cost control, business
       relations, and adherence to contract terms.

   •   Neutral: Quoter does not have a past performance record.

   •   Unacceptable: The contractor has a documented history of failing to meet contract
       requirements, including poor quality, missed deadlines, cost overruns, lack of
       responsiveness, or unethical behavior.

Evaluation Method:
The Government intends to award a single firm-fixed-price contract to the quoter whose proposal is
Lowest-Priced Technically Acceptable (LPTA).
Award will be made to the lowest-priced quote that meets all technical requirements listed in the
solicitation.




                                              Page 8 of 12
                                       BGNF Mini-Excavator
                                         1240LP26Q0067

Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an quote furnished to the successful
Quoter within the time for acceptance specified in the quote, shall result in a binding contract
without further action by either party. Before the quote’s specified expiration time, the Government
may accept a quote (or part of a quote), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless
a written notice of withdrawal is received before award.
(End of provision)

Delivery Information

F.o.b. destination, is requested as the F.O.B. point for all deliverables.
All quotes will be considered F.O.B. Destination unless F.O.B. origin is specified AND
estimated shipping costs are included.

The USDA requires delivery of all items by 09/01/2026. Early deliveries will be accepted.

Shipping Instructions:
Items shall be shipped to the following address:
1353 Fort Road, Sheridan, WY, 82801


Qualification Requirements

The quoter, product or service, ARE required to meet a qualification requirement to be eligible for
award. Qualification requirements may be obtained by reviewing attachment: C04 Specs_Mini-
Excavator.


52.252-1        Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference                     Feb 1998
This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force
and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their
full text available. The quoter is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be
completed by the quoter and submitted with its quotation or quote. In lieu of submitting the full text
of those provisions, the quoter may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the
appropriate information with its quotation or quote. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision
may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/far-
overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52

52.212-1       Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov
               2025)

FAR 52.212-1 is amended as follows:

Period for acceptance of quotes.
The Quoter agrees to hold the prices in its quote firm for 90 calendar days from the date specified
for receipt of quotes.




                                             Page 9 of 12
                                        BGNF Mini-Excavator
                                          1240LP26Q0067

Questions
Questions shall be submitted via email to stephen.holly@usda.gov and are due no later than June
2026, at 10:00 AM Mountain Time. This will ensure enough time to respond before the solicitation
period ends. Please include the solicitation name and number as the subject line of the email.

52.203-18      Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality
               Agreements or Statements-Representation (Jan 2017)
52.209-2       Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations - Representation
               (Sep 2025)
52.209-11      Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony
               Conviction under any Federal Law (Sep 2025)
52.240-90      Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications (Nov 2025)

The following provisions are applicable if checked:

☒ 52.204-7 System for Award Management—Registration (Nov 2025)

☒ 52.222-18 Certification Regarding Knowledge of Child Labor for Listed End Products (Feb
            2021)
☒ 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate (Oct 2022)

Other Applicable FAR Provisions

52.225-18      Place of Manufacture (Aug 2018)


AGAR Provisions

452.203-70     Anti-Discrimination and Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Certification (Dec
               2025)

(a) By submission of its quote, the quoter certifies that:

   (1) It is compliant with all applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws and the Equal Protection
       principles of the U.S. Constitution.
   (2) Neither it nor any proposed subcontractor or teaming partner operates or funds any program,
       policy, or initiative that promotes DEI in a manner that violates any applicable Federal anti-
       discrimination laws, including but not limited to Title VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of
       1964, or the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution.

(b) If the quoter participates in, facilitates, or funds programs that implicate Title VI of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964 or Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, as amended, including but not
limited to grants to or for schools, colleges, universities, 4-H programs, non-governmental
organization (NGO) programs, sports programs, and education-related grants to prisons or other
detention facilities, by submission of its quote, the quoter certifies that it is compliant with those
laws, including the requirements set forth in Executive Order 14168, Defending Women from



                                             Page 10 of 12
                                       BGNF Mini-Excavator
                                         1240LP26Q0067

Gender Ideology Extremism and Restoring Biological Truth to the Federal Government, and
Executive Order 14173, Ending Illegal Discrimination and Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity.

(c) The quoter affirms that the above requirements are conditions of payment that go to the essence
of the contract and are therefore material terms of the contract. Payments under the contract are
predicated on compliance with the above requirements, and therefore the quoter will not be eligible
for funding under the contract or to retain any funding under the contract absent compliance with the
above requirements.

(d) This certification reflects a change in the Government’s position regarding the materiality of the
foregoing requirements and therefore any prior payment of similar claims does not reflect the
materiality of the foregoing requirements to this contract.

(e) Submission of a knowing false statement relating to quoter’s compliance with the above
requirements and/or eligibility for the contract may subject the quoter to liability under the False
Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. § 3729, and/or criminal liability, including under 18 U.S.C. §§ 287 and 1001.

(f) Failure on the part of the quoter or its subcontractors to comply with the terms of this clause may
be grounds for the Contracting Officer to terminate the contract for default.
(End of Provision)


                          NOTICE FOR FILING AGENCY PROTESTS
              United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Protest Procedures
The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) is committed to fair, transparent, and efficient
acquisitions. Interested parties with concerns about this solicitation are encouraged to seek
resolution through the following USDA procedures.

Tier 1: Contracting Officer Concern Resolution

Submission: Interested parties with concerns about either the solicitation or subsequent award
should first submit their concern directly to the Contracting Officer, providing sufficient detail to
allow the Contracting Officer to understand and assess the issue.

Process: The Contracting Officer will review the concern, seek clarification as needed, and engage
with the interested party to attempt prompt resolution.

Review Timeline: The Contracting Officer will make every effort to provide a response or
resolution within 10 business days of receiving the concern.

Effect on Award or Performance: Tier 1 engagement is not considered an official notification of
filing an agency protest and does not pause solicitation deadlines, delay award decisions, or suspend
contract performance.

Next Steps: If the matter cannot be resolved at Tier 1, the interested party may file a written agency
protest under Tier 2.



                                             Page 11 of 12
                                       BGNF Mini-Excavator
                                         1240LP26Q0067

USDA encourages all parties to seek resolution with the Contracting Officer before filing an agency
protest.

Tier 2: Agency Protest
If concerns cannot be resolved at Tier 1, an interested party may file a written agency protest with
either the Contracting Officer or the USDA Independent Review Authority. The decision by the
USDA Independent Review Authority is an alternative to a decision by the Contracting Officer. The
USDA Independent Review Authority will not consider an appeal of the Contracting Officer’s
decision on an agency protest.
The protest must state whether the protester elects review by the Contracting Officer, by the UDSA
Independent Review Authority. If no election is stated, the Contracting Officer will decide the
protest.

Required Information: Protests shall include the information set forth in FAR 33.104-4 (a)(3).
Failure to submit the required information may result in a delay or dismissal of the protest.

Submission: Agency protests should be submitted electronically to SPE.inquiry@usda.gov and the
Contracting Officer.

Timeliness: Protests must be filed within the timeframes specified in FAR 33.104.

Effect on Award or Performance: Contract awards or performance will be suspended during the
protest period unless justified in writing for urgent and compelling reasons or determined to be in the
best interest of the Government.

Review Timeline: USDA strives to resolve agency-level protests within 35 business days of receipt.

Election of Forum: By filing a protest with USDA, the protesters agree not to file a protest on the
same matter with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) or any other external forum while
the agency protest is pending. If such a protest is filed externally, the USDA agency protest will be
dismissed.

Questions: Questions regarding this notice or protest procedures should be directed to the
Contracting Officer identified in this solicitation.




                                            Page 12 of 12

US Department of Agriculture (USDA)




Statement of Work / Specifications




                                      1
Contents
Project ........................................................................................................................................................................................................ 3
General Information .................................................................................................................................................................................. 3
   1.0        Scope of Work ............................................................................................................................................................................. 3
   2.0 Background- ..................................................................................................................................................................................... 3
Contractor Requirements .......................................................................................................................................................................... 3
   3.0 Technical Requirements / Tasks....................................................................................................................................................... 3
   4.0 Government Furnished .................................................................................................................................................................... 4
   5.0 Deliverables / Schedule .................................................................................................................................................................... 4




                                                                                                                                                                                                                2
Project
Disaster/Post Elk Fire/ Mini-Excavator

General Information
1.0 Scope of Work

To address emergency trail damage and continued rehabilitation following the 2024 Elk Fire, the Bighorn National Forest is seeking
to procure a compact excavator. The equipment will provide consistent, maneuverable, and reliable support for critical storm-
proofing and drainage improvements on Forest trails.

2.0 Background-

Purpose and Need
The Bighorn National Forest requires the acquisition of a compact excavator to execute critical trail restoration and stabilization
following the 98,352-acre Elk Fire of 2024. The primary mission is to perform continual storm-proofing, erosion control, and drainage
mitigation on approximately [125] miles of system trails affected by the fire.

Contractor Requirements
3.0 Technical Requirements / Tasks

To support maintenance operations across various road and trail surfaces within the Bighorn National Forest, we require a compact
excavator meeting the following minimum technical requirements:

Operational Requirements


    •   Chassis & Mobility: Track width of 50 inches for tight-access maneuvering; variable-width undercarriages are permissible.
        For reference, a system with an adjustable track width of 39 inches (minimum) to 52 inches (maximum) is acceptable,
        provided it can be set and operated at a width of 50 inches or less. Must be equipped with rubber tracks to protect diverse
        surfaces.
    •   Performance: Engine output 15 HP (Horsepower) minimum; minimum digging depth of approximately 7 feet.
    •   Hydraulics: Auxiliary hydraulic flow of 7 GPM (Gear Pump) minimum; must include a factory-installed hydraulic thumb.
    •   Weight & Safety:
             o GVWR (Gross Vehicle Weight Rating) between 3,500–4,500 lbs.
             o Enclosed Operator Cab:
                 The machine shall be equipped with a fully enclosed, factory-installed operator cab that provides full
                 environmental protection and is distinct from a basic ROPS canopy. The enclosed cab must include, at a
                 minimum:
             •   ROPS-certified structural frame meeting applicable OSHA/SAE requirements.
             •   Fully sealed cab enclosure with rigid doors, fixed or sliding windows, and weather-tight seals.
             •   Factory-installed heating and ventilation system capable of maintaining operator comfort in hot and
                 cold conditions.
             •   Windshield (tempered glass) with wiper/washer system.
             •   Rear and side windows (tempered glass or manufacturer-standard safety glazing) providing all-direction
                 visibility.
             •   Lockable cab doors and integrated operator controls/harnessing as designed by OEM.
                 The cab must provide protection from weather, dust, debris, insects, and external environmental
                 exposure, enabling safe year-round operation.
                 NOT acceptable:
                 Open-sided ROPS frames with optional soft-sides or aftermarket “curtains.”
                 Aftermarket or dealer-installed cab kits that do not meet OEM factory safety and sealing standards.


The contractor shall provide a machine with the proper specifications for the trail repairs needed. The machine must meet all
specs. The compact excavator will need to be delivered to 1353 Fort Road, Sheridan, WY, 82801, on or before September
1st, 2026. DELIVERY CHARGES MUST BE INCLUDED IN QUOTED PRICE.
                                                                                                                                     3
4.0 Government Furnished
N/A

5.0 Deliverables / Schedule

 Item No.    Deliverable         Objective                      Due
 1           Compact Excavator   Deliver machine to 1353 Fort   On or before September 1,
                                 Road, Sheridan, WY, 82801      2026




                                                                                            4
